Initial template (#1)
jupyter/team-compass-template: {{cookiecutter.directory_name}}/docs/team/decision-making.md

# How decisions are made

The JupyterLab Council follows the ["Decision Making" Guidelines](https://jupyter.org/governance/decision_making.html#required-aspects-of-decision-making) described in the main Jupyter governance documents.

In short, we'll first seek an informal consensus. If a clear consensus cannot be reached, an active council member can call for a vote. The voting process then follows the guidelines laid out by the [Jupyter Governance model]((https://jupyter.org/governance/decision_making.html#required-aspects-of-decision-making)).

## JupyterLab Council size

> There is no limit to the size of the JupyterLab Council. We follow the [guidelines laid out](https://jupyter.org/governance/bootstrapping_decision_making.html#bootstrapping-decision-making-bodies) by the broader Jupyter governance model which encourages a large, highly participatory decision body:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no limit to the size of the {{cookiecutter.team_name}} Council. We follow the [guidelines laid out](https://jupyter.org/governance/bootstrapping_decision_making.html#bootstrapping-decision-making-bodies) by the broader Jupyter governance model which encourages a large, highly participatory decision body:
```
